## Protocol

Blueberry

## Issue

Note that `isRepayAllowed` allows protocol to allow/block repayments.

```
function repay(address token, uint256 amountCall)
    external override inExec poke(token) onlyWhitelistedToken(token) {
    if (!isRepayAllowed()) revert REPAY_NOT_ALLOWED();
```

A similar check is not applicable in `liquidate`. A potential state where liquidation is allowed but repayment is blocked can cause losses to genuine borrowers who are close to their liquidation threshold & are denied a chance to repay.

```
function liquidate(uint256 positionId, address debtToken, uint256 amountCall)
    external override lock poke(debtToken) {
        ...
    }
```

## Impact

A borrower close to liquidation threshold & willing to repay is denied a chance to so. This leads to losses related to liquidation.

## Code

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry/blob/main/contracts/BlueBerryBank.sol#L511-L516

## Recommendation

Since repayment is a mitigation to liquidation, a fair protocol should be one in which borrowers are allowed to mitigate their liquidation risks at all times, regardless of protocol state. Consider having same conditions determining `repayment` and `liquidation`

## Links

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry-judging/issues/290

## Learning

Example of system consistency -> if user incurs penalty P if scenario B happens, and user has an action S that can prevent from scenario B from happening, then user should have a right to execute S so long as penalty P is active. Liquidation is a popular use case for this.

Another variant of this is if the user is allowed to add collateral -> adding collateral and repayment have the same net effect on health factor.
In DEX, swapping A to B is allowed, but swapping B to A is disallowed could be another system inconsistency.
