## Protocol

Blueberry - update

## Issue

In the previous [Blueberry finding](./00016.md), we discussed how `isRepayAllowed` is present in repayment but missing in liquidations. We said that this could create a scenario where a liquidator can close a loan without giving a borrower an opportunity to repay and thereby prevent a liquidation.

In a subsequent update, Blueberry devs added the `isRepayAllowed` to both the repayment and liquidation logic.

```
function liquidate(uint256 positionId, address debtToken, uint256 amountCall)
    external override lock poke(debtToken) {
    if (!isRepayAllowed()) revert Errors.REPAY_NOT_ALLOWED();

function repay(address token, uint256 amountCall)
    external override inExec poke(token) onlyWhitelistedToken(token) {
    if (!isRepayAllowed()) revert Errors.REPAY_NOT_ALLOWED();

```

However, there is still a scenario where `liquidation` is enabled but `repay` is disabled. And this edge case is when the token is de-listed for repayment. In such cases, `onlyWhitelistedToken` will revert but there is no such restriction on liquidation.

## Impact

Effect is that loans can be liquidated while repayment is blocked in this specific scenario

## Code

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/BlueBerryBank.sol#L487-L491

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/BlueBerryBank.sol#L718-L721

## Recommendation

`onlyWhitelistedToken()` modifier should be applicable for new loan origination but not for repayment of existing loans - else, revert de-whitelisting of a specific token till system has atleast one loan in that token. Second option might not be practical at all times

## Links

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry-judging/issues/4

## Learning

Tags back to the same invariant - as long as a loan is active, it should be possible to repay that loan at/before maturity, based on loan terms. If repayment is stopped for some reason, then liquidation during that period should also cease.

Check for inconsistencies related to de-listing tokens - this is a very real possibility in lending platforms (for eg., cease lending when a stable depegs). De-listing can have negative side effects
