## Protocol

Blueberry

## Issue

As an extension to issue [00018](./00018.md), let's re-examine the `liquidate` and `repay` function

```
function liquidate(uint256 positionId, address debtToken, uint256 amountCall)
    external override lock poke(debtToken) {
    if (!isRepayAllowed()) revert Errors.REPAY_NOT_ALLOWED();
        // code ...
    }
function repay(address token, uint256 amountCall)
    external override inExec poke(token) {
    if (!isRepayAllowed()) revert Errors.REPAY_NOT_ALLOWED();

    // code ...
}
```

Note that both functions now are inactive when `isRepayAllowed` is false. Assume scenario when market price of collateral has fallen to levels during the period when `isRepayAllowed` is false. Ideally, this would have triggered a liquidation but in this case, liquidation is disabled.

When markets detriorate, they do so in a manner that gives a genuine borrower enough time to take mitigative actions (ie. reduce borrowing by repayment or increase collateral). This facility is not available to borrowers when protocol disallows repayments for a specific time period.

If prices fall significantly during this period, there is a chance that borrowers get instantly liquidated as soon as the `isRepayAllowed` is activated.

## Impact

Borrowers are forcibly liquidated for no fault of theirs

## Code

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/BlueBerryBank.sol#L487-L548

## Recommendation

Introduce a grace period when repayment is reactivated.

## Links

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry-judging/issues/117

## Learning

This is again a generic problem caused by pausing/unpausing of contracts. Side effects introduced into any business logic due to unpausing contracts is usually overlooked by devs. Always evaluate side effects caused by price fluctuations when a contract is unpaused. Is there anything that can create losses to users owing to change in market conditions by the act of unpausing/pausing
