## Protocol

Taurus

## Issue

`_calcLiquidation` function is used to calculate liquidations. This method calculates `collateralToLiquidateWithoutDiscount` by dividing `debtToLiquidate` with price -> in the event price falls by an extremely high value (say 99%), the `collateralToLiquidateWithoutDiscount` will be a very large value. Note that `collateralToLiquidate` is capped at `_accountCollateral` - which means that this value cannot increase indefinitely as price falls further & further.

```
uint256 collateralToLiquidateWithoutDiscount = (_debtToLiquidate * (10 ** decimals)) / price;
collateralToLiquidate = (collateralToLiquidateWithoutDiscount * totalLiquidationDiscount) / Constants.PRECISION;
if (collateralToLiquidate > _accountCollateral) {
            collateralToLiquidate = _accountCollateral;
}
uint256 liquidationSurcharge = (collateralToLiquidateWithoutDiscount * LIQUIDATION_SURCHARGE) / Constants.PRECISION
```

However, note that `liquidationSurcharge` is calculated as a % of `collateralToLiquidateWithoutDiscount` - in the event of large price drop, `liquidationSurcharge` will be a large value itself. And liquidation can revert in case when the `liquidationSurcharge` goes to a level beyond `collateralToLiquidate`

```
uint256 collateralToLiquidator = collateralToLiquidate - liquidationSurcharge;
```

## Impact

In cases when there is a huge drop in price over a short period of time, liquidation reverts. This would mean that lenders fail to be protected against sudden, large price drops. Although an edge case, this situation is likely.

## Code

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/BaseVault.sol#L396-L422

## Recommendation

Liquidation surcharge should always be a function of `collateralToLiquidate`. If this amount is capped at a certain value, liquidation surcharge should be calculated on capped value as well. By not doing so, protocol exposes itself to arithmetic underflow

## Links

Sherlock submission here
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus-judging/issues/61

## Learning

When something is calculated as a % of value (eg. fees, commission, surcharge etc), it is important to check that this value cannot exceed the base value. Like in above case, base value had a cap but no such cap was applied when calculating a %. This typically can create arithemetic underflows when the % value is subtracted from base value

In this case, it was preventing crucial liquidation function from getting triggered.
