## Protocol

Isomorph

## Issue

Liquidation function uses `priceLiquidity` that tries to price underlying assets by swapping them through Velodrome router. In the case of Velodrome, there can exist a stable and volatile pool for each pair. When Velodrome router is called directly, it routes through the pool that gives best price.

However, `priceLiquidity` expects that swap is always carried out via the stable pool.

```solidity
    uint256 amountOut; //amount received by trade
    bool stablePool; //if the traded pool is stable or volatile.
    (amountOut, stablePool) = router.getAmountOut(HUNDRED_TOKENS, token1, USDC);
    require(stablePool == stable, "pricing occuring through wrong pool" ); //@audit -> this can be manipulated to revert
    // by manipulating price on variable pool
```

This can be manipulated by a borrower -> by manipulating price of opposite pool, a borrower can basically force the router to use the volatile pool. And this would revert `priceLiquidity` that expects price to be quoted from stable pool. A malicious borrower can thus prevent getting liquidated

## Impact

Current code allows a malicious borrower to theoretically manipulate the variable pool price & thus DOS the `priceLiquidity` function that prevents liquidations.

## Code

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Velo-Deposit-Tokens/contracts/DepositReceipt_USDC.sol#L75-L130

## Recommendation

Just use the best price from either pool instead of preferring the stable pool.

## Links

Sherlock submission here
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph-judging/issues/72

## Learning

This required a good knowledge of Velodrome routers & pair creation on Velodrome. The protocol devs did not understand the dynamics of Velodrome correctly & inserted a conditionality that can be exploited by borrower. When ever an external liquidity pool is used for price discovery, always explore attack vector related to price manipulation. In this case, it was a relative price manipulation (on variable pool v/s stable pool) that might not be very difficult or expensive to achieve.
